\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c    
@c Copyright (C) 2006-2011 Hervé Rouault <rouault@lps.ens.fr>
@c Copyright (C) 2009-2011 Marc Santolini <santolin@lps.ens.fr>
@c 
@c This file is part of Imogene.
@c 
@c Imogene is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
@c it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
@c the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
@c (at your option) any later version.
@c 
@c Imogene is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
@c but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
@c MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
@c GNU General Public License for more details.
@c 
@c You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
@c along with Imogene; see the file COPYING  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
@c %**start of header

@setfilename imogene.info
@c @documentencoding ISO-8859-15
@include version.texi
@settitle Imogene Manual @value{VERSION}
@finalout
@c %**end of header

@copying
This manual is for Imogene
(version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}).

Copyright @copyright{} 2005-2011 Herv@'e Rouault


@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with the Front-Cover Texts being ``A GNU Manual,''
and with the Back-Cover Texts as in (a) below.  A copy of the
license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free Documentation
License.''

(a) The FSF's Back-Cover Text is: ``You have freedom to copy and modify
this GNU Manual, like GNU software.  Copies published by the Free
Software Foundation raise funds for GNU development.''
@end quotation
@end copying

@dircategory Bioinformatics prediction tools
@direntry
* Imogene: (imogene).   Predict motifs and cis-regulatory regions
@end direntry


@titlepage
@title Imogene
@subtitle for version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}
@author H. Rouault (@email{rouault@@lps.ens.fr})
@author M. Santolini (@email{santolin@@lps.ens.fr})
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c Output the table of contents at the beginning.
@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Imogene

This manual is for Imogene
(version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}).
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Install:: 
* Extract::
* Distinfo::
* Genmot:: 
* Display:: 
* Test::
* Mobyle::
* Copying::
* Indexg::
@end menu


@include install.texi

@include extract.texi

@include distinfo.texi

@include genmot.texi

@include display.texi

@include test.texi

@include mobyle.texi

@c @include help.texi


@node Copying
@appendix Copying This Manual

@c @menu
@c * GNU Free Documentation License::  License for copying this manual.
@c @end menu
@include fdl.texi

@node Indexg
@unnumbered Indexg

@printindex cp


@bye
