@c    
@c Copyright (C) 2006-2011 Hervé Rouault <rouault@lps.ens.fr>
@c Copyright (C) 2009-2011 Marc Santolini <santolin@lps.ens.fr>
@c 
@c This file is part of Imogene.
@c 
@c Imogene is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
@c it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
@c the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
@c (at your option) any later version.
@c 
@c Imogene is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
@c but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
@c MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
@c GNU General Public License for more details.
@c 
@c You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
@c along with Imogene; see the file COPYING  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

@node Install
@chapter Installation
@cindex installation

@section Download

@subsection Stable version

The last stable version can be found on @emph{github} at the address:

@uref{https://github.com/hrouault/Imogene/downloads}.

@subsection Development version

This project's git repository can be checked out through the following
clone instruction:
@example
git clone http://github.com/hrouault/Imogene.git
@end example


@section Requirements

C++ and make

@itemize
@item GNU Scientific Library
@item Python (version >= 2.5 and < 3.0) : 
@item corebio : 
@item weblogo : 
@item python module argparse (for python version <2.7)
@item for eutherian, it is better to have cython for higher speed of alignment
conversion
@end itemize

If you use a development version, you will need some additional tools:
@itemize
@item GNU Automake: @uref{http://www.gnu.org/software/autoconf}
@item GNU Autoconf: @uref{http://www.gnu.org/software/automake}
@item GNU Libtool: @uref{http://www.gnu.org/software/libtool}
@item GNU Gengetopt @uref{http://www.gnu.org/software/gengetopt/}
@end itemize
Many standard Unix systems include packages for these tools.  

In fact many files included in the distribution version have been generated
automatically and are thus not included in the development version.


@section Installation

@subsection Quick procedure for distribution versions

These instructions apply to the distribution versions only. More detailed
instructions can be found in the file @file{INSTALL} available in the tarball
file imogene-version.tar.gz.

Start by unzipping the tarball:
@example 
tar xvzf imogene-version.tar.gz
cd imogene-version
@end example

Invoke then the usual commands to install a package:
@example
mkdir build
cd build
../configure --prefix="install/full/path"
make
make install
@end example

@emph{Imogene} provides description files for the @emph{Mobyle} interface. You
can install it by appending @command{--enable-mobyle} to the configure command:
@example
../configure --prefix="install/full/path" --enable-mobyle
@end example

For compiling mobyle related files:

you will then need to indicate that you want to create mobyle files with the
@command{--enable-mobyle} option if the @command{configure} script.

@emph{Imogene} is now installed but cannot be used yet. You will need to
download the genomic alignment files (see next sections).

@subsection Development version

Note that if you use the development version from github, you have to first
automatically generate files that are normally provided within the tarball:
@example
git clone http://github.com/hrouault/Imogene.git
cd Imogene
./autogen.sh
@end example

The instructions are then identical to the distribution version:
@example
mkdir build
cd build
../configure --prefix="install/full/path"
make
make install
@end example


@section Alignment files download

@emph{Imogene} provides a helper script to download the necessary genomic alignment files. This script is present in 


To download the genomes, you have to execute the proper python script:
@command{python $PREFIX/bin/getalign}


@section Background sequences generation

In order to compare the statistics of the sequences taken into account for
motif generation, some background sequences need to be selected. Two options
are offered to you: 
@enumerate 
@item use the set of coordinates provided in the data folder 
@item generate a new set of coordinates 
@end enumerate

@subsection Generate a new set of coordinates (optional)

This step generates coordinates for background sequences. Note that background
coordinates are already provided by the package so that this step is completely
optional.

You have to execute the command @command{python $PREFIX/bin/extract-bgrnd-coord > your-background-coords.bed}. 

@subsection Download the alignements corresponding to the background coordinates

You have to execute the command @command{imogene extract -i coordinate_file -s
species --background}. If you want for instance to download the alignment for the
drosophila background with the coordinates provided with the package, you should
type @command{imogene extract -i
$PREFIX/share/imogene/background-droso-coords.dat -s droso --background}.
